docs(clustered): clarify tuning garbage collector env vars (#5517)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/clustered/write-data/best-practices/data-lifecycle.md

- `INFLUXDB_IOX_GC_PARQUETFILE_CUTOFF`: how long to retain rows in the Catalog
  that reference Parquet files marked for deletion. The default is `30d`.

> In short, these values tune how aggressive the garbage collector can be. A lower
> value means that files can be removed at a faster pace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These values tune how aggressive the garbage collector can be. A shorter duration
value means that files can be removed at a faster pace.
```
